Document HEOS clear playlist behavior (#37781)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/heos.markdown

The HEOS integration makes available the standard [Media Player actions](/integrations/media_player#actions).

{% note %}

> Any of these actions may generate an error. If using HEOS actions in an automation, you may need to set [continue_on_error: true](/docs/scripts/#continuing-on-error) in the automation action or else the automation may not finish running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Actions may fail if they cannot be processed by the HEOS device. For example, attempting to call `media_player.clear_playlist` when the queue is empty will result in an error. To prevent this from halting a script or automation, set [`continue_on_error: true`](/docs/scripts/#continuing-on-error) in the action call.
```
